    usage: stowrs [options]  --url <stowURL>
                  [<fileToBeStored>..][<filesInDirectoriesToBeStored>..]
    
    For DICOM files : Send multiple dicom files or directories containing
    DICOM files to STOW-RS receiver at a time.
    For metadata+bulkdata : Send multiple bulkdata files or directories
    containing bulkdata files to STOW-RS receiver at a time. DICOM attributes
    can be specified via command line (using -m option) or a XML file (using
    -f option) If both the options are specified, system will generate
    metadata first from sample metadata file then from file specified by user
    and lastly add the attributes specified individually on command line. The
    Type 1 and Type 2 attributes, if missing, will be generated by the system.
    Storing bulkdata files of various Content types in one request is not
    possible i.e for eg. one can send multiple pdfs in one request, but can
    not send combination of files like pdfs and images in one request.
    Supported content types for bulkdata are application/pdf, text/xml (for
    CDA files), image/jpeg, video/mpeg, video/mp4, video/quicktime, image/jp2,
    image/png, image/gif, application/sla (for STL files), model/mtl (for MTL
    files) and model/obj (for OBJ files).
    For metadata : Send single non bulkdata type of file by specifying a
    metadata file for objects like Structured Reports, Presentation States
    etc.
    File names shall not contain spaces.
    -
    Options:
     -a,--accept <arg>                Specify the value for Accept header :
                                      xml or json. The value of Accept header
                                      will then be sent in request header as
                                      application/dicom+xml or
                                      application/dicom+json. Note that for
                                      DICOM objects application/dicom+xml will
                                      always be used by default. If this flag
                                      is absent, for bulkdata type of objects
                                      the value specified in -t option will be
                                      used to determine application/dicom+xml
                                      or application/dicom+json. If -t option
                                      is absent as well then
                                      application/dicom+xml will be used by
                                      default.
        --bearer <bearer>             Specify the bearer token to be used in
                                      Authorization header for server
                                      authentication.
        --contentType <contentType>   Specify MIME type of bulkdata file(s).
                                      If specified, content type of individual
                                      bulkdata file(s) (and/or in
                                      directory(-ies)) shall not be probed.
     -f,--file <file>                 Specify the file containing the metadata
                                      (in XML format).
     -h,--help                        display this help and exit
     -m <[seq/]attr=value>            Specify metadata attributes. attr can be
                                      specified by keyword or tag value (in
                                      hex), e.g. PatientName or 00100010.
                                      Attributes in nested Datasets can be
                                      specified by including the keyword/tag
                                      value of the sequence attribute, e.g.
                                      00400275/00400009 for Scheduled
                                      Procedure Step ID in the Request.
        --no-app                      Application segments APPn are to be
                                      excluded from JPEG stream. If absent
                                      JPEG stream verbatim encapsulated by
                                      default.
        --pixel-header                If this option is specified, then the
                                      metadata information shall be extracted
                                      from header of pixel data for jpeg
                                      images, mpeg, mp4 and quicktime videos
                                      in addition to the metadata generation
                                      as explained above in description.
     -t,--type <type>                 Specify the value for Content-type
                                      header : xml or json. The value of
                                      Content-type will then be sent in
                                      request header as application/dicom+xml
                                      or application/dicom+json. If this flag
                                      is absent, for bulkdata type of objects
                                      application/dicom+xml will be used by
                                      default. Note that for DICOM objects,
                                      tool will always send Content-type as
                                      application/dicom.
        --tsuid                       Specify if the Transfer Syntax UID shall
                                      be sent in multipart request for content
                                      types image/jpeg, video/mpeg, video/mp4
                                      or video/quicktime files.
     -u,--user <user:password>        Specify the user name and password to
                                      use for server authentication.
        --url <url>                   Specify the request URL.
     -V,--version                     output version information and exit
        --video                       Send gif file as Video Photographic
                                      Image Storage by generating sample
                                      metadata from
                                      etc/stowrs/vlPhotographicImageMetadata.x
                                      ml file.
        --xc                          Send image files as VL Photographic
                                      images by generating sample metadata
                                      from
                                      etc/stowrs/vlPhotographicImageMetadata.x
                                      ml file.
    -
    Example: stowrs -m PatientName=John^Doe --url
    http[s]://<host>:<port>/dcm4chee-arc/aets/{AETitle}/rs/studies img.jpeg
    => Send stow request to stowRS Receiver with the attribute given and
    img.jpeg bulkData.
    -
    Example: stowrs --url
    http[s]://<host>:<port>/dcm4chee-arc/aets/{AETitle}/rs/studies/{StudyInsta
    nceUID} object1.dcm object2.dcm
    => Send stow request to stowRS Receiver with the given dicom files to the
    specified study.
    -
    Example: stowrs -f sr-metadata.xml --url
    http[s]://<host>:<port>/dcm4chee-arc/aets/{AETitle}/rs/studies/{StudyInsta
    nceUID}
    => Send stow request to stowRS Receiver with the given metadata xml file
    for a Structured Report to the specified study.
    -
    Example: stowrs --contentType model/stl --url
    http[s]://<host>:<port>/dcm4chee-arc/aets/{AETitle}/rs/studies/{StudyInsta
    nceUID} file.stl
    => Send stow request to stowRS Receiver for specified STL file to the
    specified study. Additionally content type of the
    file returned by system will be ignored and instead specified content type
    shall be considered in multipart request.
    -
    Example: stowrs -t json -m StudyInstanceUID=1.2.3.4.5.6.7.8.9.10 --url
    http[s]://<host>:<port>/dcm4chee-arc/aets/{AETitle}/rs/studies file1.pdf
    file2.pdf file3.pdf
    => Send stow request to stowRS Receiver first generating metadata from
    etc/stowrs/encapsulatedPDFMetadata.xml and then adding
    given StudyInstanceUID for the 3 pdf files.